Release pulsar operator 0.8.22 (#470)
streamnative/charts: charts/pulsar-operator/README.md

```
helm uninstall pulsar-operator -n <k8s-namespace>
```

## Versioning Convention

> `version`: The version of the chart itself, it will change only when there are some changes to the chart itself or `appVersion` bumps a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`version`: The version of the chart. It will be changed only when there are some changes to the chart or the `appVersion` bumps a new version.
```

> `appVersion`: The version of the application image that this chart contains, it will change only when operator image bumps a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`appVersion`: The version of the application image that the chart contains. It will be changed only when the operator image bumps a new version.
```

> `kubeVersion`: The range of compatible kubernetes versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kubeVersion`: The range of compatible Kubernetes versions. 
```
